I will leave on vacation this month and at the time of my absence
Five content makers on YouTube lined up to make other great videos for you
We start with science provider (Steve Mold)
When he told me the title of this section I thought about my son
(I can not)
But I was wrong
Cono polite and gentle, you prefer Steve
You have a miraculous ability not to learn
And that ability is hearing heat
The ability to distinguish between hot and cold water using hearing aids
This we can test
I will pour hot water and cold from the same prides
In two similar cases
And your job is to distinguish between warm and cold
And he poured (Agbash) on the screen also
Because you differentiate between them with eyesight and this is very easy
One way or another
let's go
The first experiment
The second experiment
The difference between them was supposed to be easy
I do not mind stopping the section and wrote a commentary
The answer is that the first section was cold water and the second hot
Reason why sound difference
Water is viscous - or heavy
The water viscosity decreases if the temperature increases
This is something that is easy to notice in honey
Hot honey for his wife is less than cold
But with water this is less obvious
When the water pours
The way water spreads in the cup affects the viscosity
The change of spray changes the sound you hear
Because they are very complicated things
The interesting thing is you know the difference without thinking about it
Your life is full and you hear hot and cold water pouring
And like other things you know without thinking about
Even if no one said to you
Just subscribe to the channel (Steve Mold)
And he made this good passage to (Steve)